README.md, before:

# Awesome Jordan [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome open source projects in Jordan or by Jordanians.


# Table of contents

[Awesome Jordan](#awesome-jordan)
- [Javascript](#javascript)
- [Linux](#linux)
- [NodeJS](#nodejs)
- [Python](#python)
- [Ruby](#ruby)

# Awesome Jordan

## Javascript
* [Inferno-Milligram Boilerplate](https://github.com/KhaledElAnsari/inferno-milligram-boilerplate) - Minimal boilerplate for the web using the latest technologies.

## Linux

### Gists
* [SSH Recipes](https://gist.github.com/mjalajel/beaa91a5f8d04ebb464c2c28da01406a) - Recipes for writing awesome ssh config files.

## NodeJS
* [Azhan Jo](https://github.com/faressoft/azhan-jo) - Get azhan times in Amman.
* [geojson-lookup](https://github.com/nestrom/geojson-lookup) - Lookup Geojson feature collections by indexing them by feature properties (INDEX TABLES) and by a Geometry (R-TREE) all in memory.
* [MySQL Punisher](https://github.com/faressoft/mysql-punisher) - Watch and kill active mysql queries that exeeded a specefic timeout.


## Python

## Ruby



# Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! Just make sure that your project is: **useful for others** and **in active development**. (You can add stale projects, but please mark them as such).

## Guidelines

* Only open-source projects, please.
* Add one link per Pull Request.
* Add the link: `* [project-name](http://example.com/) - A short description ends with a period.`
    * Keep descriptions concise.
    * To avoid conflicts, sections and entries within sections are ordered alphabatically.
    * If the project is dead or not in active development, mark it as such.
* Add a section if needed.
    * Add the section description.
    * Add the section title to Table of Contents.
* Search previous suggestions before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate.
* Check your spelling and grammar.
* Remove any trailing whitespace.
* Send a Pull Request with the reason why the library is awesome.


# Credits
Inspired by [awesome-python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python) and [awesome-php](https://github.com/ziadoz/awesome-php). And all other [awesome lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-awesome-awesome-awesome) out there.

Commit message:

Added the C# section and the C# Algorithms library.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Jordan [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome open source projects in Jordan or by Jordanians.


# Table of contents

[Awesome Jordan](#awesome-jordan)
- [C#](#csharp).
- [Javascript](#javascript)
- [Linux](#linux)
- [NodeJS](#nodejs)
- [Python](#python)
- [Ruby](#ruby)

# Awesome Jordan


## C#

  * [C# Algorithms](https://github.com/aalhour/C-Sharp-Algorithms) - Portable class-library of 35+ Data Structures and 30+ Algorithms.

## Javascript
* [Inferno-Milligram Boilerplate](https://github.com/KhaledElAnsari/inferno-milligram-boilerplate) - Minimal boilerplate for the web using the latest technologies.

## Linux

### Gists
* [SSH Recipes](https://gist.github.com/mjalajel/beaa91a5f8d04ebb464c2c28da01406a) - Recipes for writing awesome ssh config files.

## NodeJS
* [Azhan Jo](https://github.com/faressoft/azhan-jo) - Get azhan times in Amman.
* [geojson-lookup](https://github.com/nestrom/geojson-lookup) - Lookup Geojson feature collections by indexing them by feature properties (INDEX TABLES) and by a Geometry (R-TREE) all in memory.
* [MySQL Punisher](https://github.com/faressoft/mysql-punisher) - Watch and kill active mysql queries that exeeded a specefic timeout.


## Python

## Ruby



# Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! Just make sure that your project is: **useful for others** and **in active development**. (You can add stale projects, but please mark them as such).

## Guidelines

* Only open-source projects, please.
* Add one link per Pull Request.
* Add the link: `* [project-name](http://example.com/) - A short description ends with a period.`
    * Keep descriptions concise.
    * To avoid conflicts, sections and entries within sections are ordered alphabatically.
    * If the project is dead or not in active development, mark it as such.
* Add a section if needed.
    * Add the section description.
    * Add the section title to Table of Contents.
* Search previous suggestions before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate.
* Check your spelling and grammar.
* Remove any trailing whitespace.
* Send a Pull Request with the reason why the library is awesome.


# Credits
Inspired by [awesome-python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python) and [awesome-php](https://github.com/ziadoz/awesome-php). And all other [awesome lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-awesome-awesome-awesome) out there.
